W-15845128 Einstein update. (#37)
mulesoft/docs-idp: modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

Each processed document shows a confidence score for each extracted field. When this value is lower than the defined threshold, IDP sends the document for review by a human to verify the accuracy of the extracted values. You can add single reviewers or teams to each document action. 

> == Enhance Data Extraction With Einstein (Pilot)

Author: ```suggestion
== Enhance Data Extraction With Einstein
```

When you add prompts to your document actions, you can select wether to use the default or Einstein's response. Einstein can answer complex questions that require further analysis of the document instead of just searching and extracting a field. For example, you can ask Einstein what's the total amount due in an invoice after deducting taxes and other values from the document. 

> Use Einstein to analyze generic documents that don't use a standard format or are difficult to read without further analysis of the extracted data. 

Author: ```suggestion
Use Einstein to analyze documents that don't use a standard format or are difficult to read without performing a complex analysis of the extracted data. 
```
